{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh16000\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Music:
\b0 \
Imagination Land:\
Imagination Land is an instrumental tale of wonder that represents happiness and fulfilment. Influenced by the work of Bonobo, Caribou, and Four Tet, Imagination Land has been described by BBC radio presenters as \'93Rich in depth, timbre and texture, which epitomises the top-tier, intelligent dance music with which he has become synonymous. It manages to be hopeful, thoughtful and melodic while remaining toe-tappingly infectious.\'94\
\
Slipstream:\
Slipstream is a journey that draws on the listeners curiosity and reverence; from the prominent french horns to the highland style peculiarity of the main hook. Slipstream was produced with the intention of inducing familiarity of the cultural diversity that exists all around us.\
\
Urban Deception:\
Urban Deception brings tranquility to the listener, whilst  heartening enough to lift spirits. The soft choir set the initial foundations, followed by the melodic and uplifting elements bringing life and heart to the piece.\
\
Self Portrait:\
Self Portrait is a groovebox of piano and synth melodies that intends to move the listener into a state of reflection of both themselves, and the world around them. The hypnotic theme symbolises the dream like state we often experience in life, but bids to bring the listener back to reality with rhythmic drum and percussive articulation.\
\
\

\b Influences:
\b0 \
1. Bonobo\
The rhythm and carefully places randomness in his drum sequences. Great use of melodies and musical scales.\
\
2. Boards of Canada\
Variation in their drums. Downtempo but extremely interesting melodies. \
\
3. Henry Saiz\
Perfectly produced. Slightly detuned leads. Sequences that evolve constantly. \
\
4. Laurent Garnier\
Use of dubby detuned basslines. Original sounding drum loops. Use of modulation and variation throughout. Uplifting energy.\
\
5. Four Tet\
Originality of production style. Variation in genres. Pushing musical boundaries.\
\
6. Dark Sky\
Emotion involved in their tracks. Balance basslines with melodic leads perfectly.\
\
7. Moderat\
Exciting and uplifting electronica. Great use of vocals. Make \'93done-to-death\'94 bassline sequences sound fresh and new.\
\
8. The Cinematic Orchestra\
Great composition style and classical song writing.\
\
\

\b Achievements:
\b0 \
- Radio show on Hoxton FM\
- Ran Silk clubnight for several years\
- Music played on Radio 1\
- Supported Hot Chip, Josh Gabriel, Phil Kieran\
- Releasing music since 2012\
\
\

\b Common themes:
\b0 \
- Melodic leads\
- Cinematic pads\
- Throbbing basslines\
\
\

\b Bio:
\b0 \
Cooley\'92s melodic leads, cinematic pads, and throbbing bass lines are the result of a lifetime of musical interest that spanned many genres, including indie, rock, electronica, trance, hard house, and techno. In his career to date, Cooley has run his own successful clubnight \'93Silk\'94 in his home town, performed along side acts such as Hot Chip, Josh Gabriel, and Phil Kieran. Cooley currently hosts the show \'93Narrow Networks\'94 on London\'92s Hoxton FM, and has the pleasure of having his music regularly played on BBC radio 1, plus various regional BBC Radio shows. Cooley has been producing music since 2008 and has had regular releases on various record labels since 2012.\
\
Cooley has been heavily influenced by the work of Bonobo, Dark Sky, and Henry Saiz to name a few. Studying the rhythm and carefully places randomness in Bonobo\'92s drum sequences, and the great use of melodies and musical scales has taught Cooley the art of, and importance of originality in electronic music. The emotion involved in Dark Sky\'92s tracks and the balance between bass lines and melodic leads has influenced Cooley\'92s ability to harness contrasts in frequencies and to play one off the other to create diverse rhythms. Henry Saiz\'92s perfectly produced tracks has given Cooley a goal as to how clean and crisp an electronic track should sound, and his slightly detuned leads and sequences that evolve constantly have pushed Cooley into thinking more about how a track should always be changing.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}